hello welcome to photokina we are
today on the nikon stand and we
will introduce you to the 750's so that's
a little the successor of the 17 year old
a lot is waiting for it what is it
we will find an oratory
naturally a full format sensor 24
megapixels so a little less than the collar
of the bussang all say that it can
always delight those who did not want
have so many definitions at the level of
case one is a pretty build
compact very light we have a facade
before carbon fiber and the rest of the
magnesium alloy frame
what about more we have a viewfinder 100% on
has a grapel lcd screen we had a
ergonomics that is closer to that
the d610 rather than the 810 with here
lockable wheel at the level of the
novelty is especially the lcd screen
mounted on double hinge that commits
so to orient the screen what will be very
practice in video
this is unfortunately it is not
high level touch again
news we will especially remember the wifi
inside so we're saying a
24 36 24 million pixel sensor
supported by an x pitt cade so the same
we find in time the models
high-end d 810 of the 4 s we will
can reach a gust of 6.5
imachin per second and we will have a video
hdtv 1080 50 25 24 frames per second in
solid images at the level of the
connectivity we will have classically
socket headphone jack micro usb hdmi so
classic enough we'll have the other side
double fleet then this case will be
available
at the end of September for
about 2200 euros so it is intercalated
really in between six years old she says
d 810 and that's so we have both a
lightweight case a little more muscular than the
d610 much less pixelated than 2,810
this is a case that should
find a little place
we are reproached for it is
maybe a little too d610 oriented
would have liked maybe a little more
burst for example on a housing
like that but we're going to see them jean
of gastines
we asked him a few questions